Managing Director & CEO

09

Message From The Chief Sustainability Oﬃcer

11

About The Report

14

Assurance Statement

17

Action through The SDGs

20

About Tech Mahindra

28

Corporate Governance and Ethics

40

The World is Changing

44

Stakeholder Relationships

48

Materiality

59

Risks and Opportunities

76

Business Model

79

Our Growth Strategy

94

Customer: The Core

101

Innovation for The Future

113

Financial Capital

124

Caring for Our People

144

Community Initiatives for a Sustainable Future

155

Sustaining our Natural Capital

176

Climate Change Scenario Analysis

180

Stress Testing and Sensitivity Analysis

181

Sustainable Solutions

191

Responsible Supply Chain

194

Manufactured Capital

197

GRI Standards Content Index

206

Mapping with the CDSB Framework

208

Mapping with the TCFD Recommendations

209

Glossary: Abbreviations

212

Glossary: GHG Emission Factors:

MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO

The Financials

At revenue of USD 5.2 billion, we saw a growth of

5.6% year-on-year on a constant currency basis. We

saw growth across our top verticals and made

important inroads into key geographies. There has

been an accelerated adoption of new technologies to

drive business productivity and efﬁciency for

companies. Our revitalised 3-4-3 strategy and focus

on digital transformation as well as new solutions

played out well, through the year. A signiﬁcant

number of larger deals worth nearly USD 3.7 billion

of total cumulative value were signed as a stamp of

approval for our value creation strategy. We also

made strategic acquisitions to bolster our capabilities

in the areas we want to play to win in the future.

From a ﬁscal prudence perspective, we have

focused on cash preservation, cash ﬂow

convergence and free cash ﬂow. Cost Management

has been aggressive especially in the last few

months. Overall, we have shown resilience and we

have tweaked our offerings to capture growth

opportunities in new areas including repurposing

some of our industry solutions to adapt ourselves to

the new normal.

Techmighties First

Among our people development priorities, 'staying

relevant' has been preﬁxed with 'staying prepared'. A

while ago we imagined a day like this and started

preparing for it right away. This was the thought

behind developing our ﬂagship NewAgeDELIVERY

“The year has surprised us, and how! The

Coronavirus outbreak and its impact on the

society, business and beyond have pushed us

to rethink 'normal' where businesses have

people and the planet at the core.

The transformational journey initiated last year

along with our robust business continuity

processes enabled us to ensure uninterrupted

service delivery to the customers, maintain

continued contact with the associates, and

provide support to the government and

communities. While we have always kept

wellness before business, this sudden jolt

brought the overall wellbeing –physical, social

and environmental – to the forefront for the

company and stakeholders. The expectations

of customers, consumers and employees have

evolved requiring new ways of doing business

and engaging. There is a greater expectation

from companies to contribute towards societal

development and environment protection. This

necessitates an even more forward looking and

proactive view towards reimagining a

sustainable world which will help redeﬁne how

we see, think, act and conduct business to not

just survive, but thrive.”

(NAD) platform, something only we did. A future

ready workforce has been a key focus for the

company. Up-skilling as a Service (UaaS) and

Fit4Future are organisation-wide initiatives,

empowering teams to deliver solutions of the future.

Created by NAD, UaaS, is ensuring customised,

associate-level up-skilling, aligned to the project and

to the associate's career paths. We ensured that

appropriate security measures were taken with data

privacy and remote connectivity environment in

active partnership with our customers to ensure

business continuity. Ensuring fairness and

transparency is the key in any crisis and it was

important to introduce a new organisation structure.

We ensured eﬀective communication and minimised

the impact for those affected.

Wealth of Wellness & Digital Connect

We relentlessly focused on making sure that our

employees remain healthy, are engaged, perform

well and are productive just like at ofﬁce. Associate

well-being, both becoming and staying healthy has

always been a focus. Especially now, the health and

wellness, including the emotional and mental well-

being of self and family needs to be a part of

everyone's life. I thank, “Josh”,our internal initiative

where employees get together and create various

fun groups to consciously focus on wellness beyond

just productivity.“Josh” continues to bring in fun

including dancing, cooking or meditation classes, all

virtually.

07

Tech Mahindra | Integrated Report | 2019-20:

MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO:

letter. These, do not,

however, affect our conclusions regarding the Report.

Independence

The assurance was conducted by a multidisciplinary team including professionals with suitable skills

and experience in auditing environmental, social and economic information in line with the

requirements of ISAE 3000 standard. Our work was performed in compliance with the requirements

of the IFAC Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, which requires, among other requirements,

that the members of the assurance team (practitioners) be independent of the assurance client, in

relation to the scope of this assurance engagement, including not being involved in writing the Report.

The Code also includes detailed requirements for practitioners regarding integrity, objectivity,

professional competence and due care, conﬁdentiality and professional behaviour. KPMG has

systems and processes in place to monitor compliance with the Code and to prevent conﬂicts

regarding independence. The ﬁrm applies International Standard of Quality Control (ISQC1) and the

practitioner complies with the applicable independence and other ethical requirements of the IESBA

code.

Responsibilities

Tech Mahindra is responsible for developing the Report contents. Tech Mahindra is also responsible

for

identiﬁcation

of

material

sustainability

topics,

establishing

and

maintaining

appropriate

performance management and internal control systems and derivation of performance data reported.

This statement is made solely to the Management of Tech Mahindra in accordance with the terms of

our engagement and as per scope of assurance. Our work has been undertaken so that we might

state to Tech Mahindra those matters for which we have been engaged to state in th is statement and

for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility

to anyone other than Tech Mahindra for our work, for this report, or for the conclusions expressed in

this independent assurance statement. The assurance engagement is based on the assumption that

the data and information provided to us is complete and true. We expressly disclaim any liability or

co-responsibility for any decision a person or entity would make based on this assurance statement.

Our report is released to Tech Mahindra Limited on the basis that it shall not be copied, referred to or

disclosed, in whole or in part, without our prior written consent. By reading this assurance statement,

stakeholders acknowledge and agree to the limitations and disclaimers mentioned above.

Prathmesh Raichura

Executive Director

KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP

August 22, 2020

16

Tech Mahindra | Integrated Report | 2019-20:

Managing Director & CEO

Mr. M. Damodaran

Independent Director

Mr. Ravindra Kulkarni

Independent Director

Mr. T. N. Manoharan

Independent Director

Mr. Ulhas N. Yargop

Non-Executive Director

Mr. V. S. Parthasarathy

Non-Executive Director

Ms. Mukti Khaire

Independent Director

Ms. Shikha Sharma

Independent Director

Mr. Haigreve Khaitan

Independent Director

Dr. Anish Shah

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Anand G. Mahindra

Non-Executive Chairman

28

Tech Mahindra | Integrated Report | 2019-20:

Managing Director & CEO, Chief Financial

Oﬃcer, the Statutory Auditors, and the Internal

Auditors are the invitees to the meetings of the

Audit Committee. The Chief Internal Auditor reports

to the Audit Committee Chairman.

The Audit Committee holds discussion with

statutory auditors without the presence of

management at its quarterly meetings.

Mr. T. N. Manoharan, the Chairman of the Audit

Committee, was present at the Annual General

Meeting of the Company held on July 31, 2019.:

Managing Director & CEO,

Chief People Oﬃcer and Chief Financial Oﬃcer of

the Company are the invitees to the meetings of

the Committee.

The Nomination and Remuneration committee

comprises an Independent Director as the

Chairperson, and 3 committee members. There

were four meetings held on May 21, 2019, July 31,

2019, November 4, 2019 and January 30, 2020

during the ﬁnancial year.

For details on the evaluation criteria for

Independent Directors and Remuneration of

Directors, refer Tech Mahindra Annual Report

2019-20.

Name

Category

Meetings attended

Mr. Ravindra Kulkarni*

Chairperson, Independent Director

2

Mr. Anupam Puri*

Independent Director, Member

2

Mr. Ulhas Yargop*

Non-Executive Director, Member

2

Mr. T. N. Manoharan**

Independent Director, Chairman

2

Ms. Mukti Khaire**

Independent Director, Member

2

Ms. Shikha Sharma**

Independent Director, Member

2

Mr. V. S. Parthasarathy

Non-Executive Director, Member

2:

Managing Director & CEO, Member

3

Mr. Ravindra Kulkarni*

Independent Director, Member

1

Mr. Ulhas Yargop*

Non-Executive Director, Member

1

Mr. V. S. Parthasarathy

Non-Executive Director, Member

3

Ms. Mukti Khaire**

Independent Director, Member

2

Ms. M. Rajyalakshmi Rao**

Independent Director, Member

2

Mr. Haigreve Khaitan**

Independent Director, Member

2

Pending Complaints

as on April 1, 2019

Complaints received

during the year

Complaints

disposed during the

year

Complaints disposed

during the year

Complaints pending

as on March 31, 2020

1

16

16

1

Name and Designation of the Compliance Ofﬁcer: Anil Khatri, Company Secretary & Compliance Ofﬁcer.

33

Tech Mahindra | Integrated Report | 2019-20:

Managing Director & CEO and

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer are the invitees to the

meetings of the Committee. The committee

comprises an Independent Director, a Chairman,

and 5 committee members. There were four

meetings held on May 20, 2019, July 30, 2019,

November 4, 2019 and January 30, 2020 during

the ﬁnancial year.:

Managing Director & CEO is the

Chairman of the Committee. Mrs. M. Rajyalakshmi

Rao, Ms, Mukti Khare, Mr. Haigreve Khaitan and

Mr. V.S. Parthasarthy are the other members of the

Committee. Mr. Ulhad Yargop ceased to be a

member of the Committee w.e.f close of business

hours of July 31, 2019. There were two meetings

held on May 20, 2019 and November 4, 2019.

Terms of reference of the CSR Committee are:

 Formulate and recommend to the Board, a CSR

policy indicating the activities from the speciﬁed

list of activities in Schedule VII of the Act;

 Recommend the amount of expenditure to be

incurred for the chosen activities;

 Monitor the CSR Policy and activities from time

to time;

 Review Sustainability initiatives of the company

and provide guidance on aspects of

sustainability policies and programmes including

environmental sustainability, climate change and

responsible sourcing;

 To carry on such tasks and activity as may be

assigned by the board of directors from time to

time.

The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

(CSR) formulates and recommends to the Board of

Directors, the activities and the expenditure to be

incurred for the chosen activities, and monitor the

CSR Policy, the implementation of the policy and

the sustainability initiatives of the company. The

Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to the

Committee. The Chief Financial Ofﬁcer of the

Company and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer of Tech

Mahindra Foundation are the permanent invitees of

the Committee meetings.

The CSR committee of the Board is the apex body

responsible for oversight and decision making on

economic, environmental and social aspects of

Sustainability and CSR across the organisation.

The Committee is the ﬁnal authority for review,

prioritisation of material matters and decision

making on CSR and Sustainability, including

climate change. The governance structure for

sustainability and climate change is discussed

below::

Managing Director & CEO of Tech

Mahindra.

Mr. C.P. Gurnani, the: Managing

Managing Director, is responsible for overseeing

the integration of sustainability and climate risks

and opportunities into the overall corporate

strategy. He also ensures that climate-related risks

and opportunities are effectively communicated to

the Board as well as the investors and other

stakeholders like customers, collaborators, and

partners. For more details on the governance of

climate-related risks and opportunities, refer to the

on {Corporate Governance and Ethics Chapter} in

the report.

IDENTIFICATION OF MATERIAL RISKS & OPPORTUNITIES

SCENARIOS ANALYSIS

We are cognizant of climate-related risks and how

they affect our resilience and ﬁnancial stability. To

further understand the impact that climate change

could have on TechM's business in the future, we

performed a high-level assessment of the impact

of 2°C and 4°C global warming scenarios.

Moreover, we have aligned our scenario models on

the recommendations of TCFD. These

recommendations and approaches were used to

assess the resilience of our activities, considering

the climate scenarios.:

MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO

Tech Mahindra | Integrated Report | 2019-20

195

We also unveiled an AI Centre at the College of

Engineering and Technology (CET) Bhubaneswar.

The partnership between Tech Mahindra and CET

is in-line with the Government's objective to up-skill

BUSINESS CONTINUITY PLAN

Our comprehensive Business Continuity and

Disaster Recovery framework prevents potential

business disruptions in the event of any disaster. It

includes processes that help maintain services to

Customer's at acceptable service levels.

Automated Service Desk with SLAs for enabling

young students by familiarising them with new-age

technologies like AI and equipping them with the

knowledge of applying these technologies in

everyday life.

TECHNOLOGY EQUIPMENT AND

SERVICES

Tech Mahindra’s AI based #NewAgeDELIVERY

engine enables customers to envision a new

paradigm of technology solution delivery. This

paradigm utilizes reusable data asset lakes to

avoid work duplication, delivers value at scale, and

uses the time saved towards innovation.

Tech Mahindra’s delivery facilities are located

across cities that serve as business hubs in their

geographies. Our sales ofﬁces are strategically

located in key markets. The spread of our delivery

centres across locations helps ensure a wide

footprint to source the best talent while keeping in

mind the need to not concentrate our services from

a business continuity risk perspective. Each of

these provides the physical and technological

infrastructure required for our professionals to

provide superior quality and efﬁcient service to our

customers.

Our facilities are managed keeping in mind

appropriate technological and physical

infrastructure to provide a conducive and attractive

workplace for our employees. These keep in mind

not only health and safety {Read more in the

Human Capital Chapter} but also our sustainability

objectives of energy efﬁciency, carbon neutrality

etc. {Read More in the Natural Capital Chapter}

We, at Tech Mahindra, offers a Digital Workspace

Service that leverages an industry recognized

#WaaSNxT (Workspace as a Service) platform. It

provides 100% agility and ﬂexibility to your

business, boosts the productivity of the

organisation by 50% while ensuring secure and

centralised data. WaaSNxt, as a next generation

digital workspace platform, makes workspaces

ubiquitous by delivering context aware and

persona driven end-user computing.

In the reporting year, Tech Mahindra opened a new

delivery centre at Warangal, in the state of

Telangana. The new facility is in-line with the

‘TechMNxt Charter’, which focuses on leveraging

next generation technologies and solutions like

artiﬁcial intelligence. These help deliver disruptive

digital transformations by building and delivering

cutting-edge solutions and services. These

engagements are designed to address real world

problems while meeting our customers’ evolving

and dynamic needs.

business and Vulnerability Assessment and

Penetration Testing Lab for secured corporate

network operations are highlights showcasing the

information security posture of the Organisation.

Our IT Division has been assessed for:

